README.md, before:

# Nextjs with Preact X!
A starter template for using Next.js with Preact X!

## This starter is ready to be here:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/aomkirby123/nextjs-preactX
```

# Recommendation
This repo is what I believe to be the very first repo for using Next.js with Preact as a guide.
By the time so far, it works great and still! As one of Preact's creator created a starter repo about using Preact with Next.js himself! I'd recommended considering about using [his starter template](https://github.com/developit/nextjs-preact-demo) instead!

## To migrate from existing project
We need to add next.js and preact

```bash
yarn add next preact preact-render-to-string preact-ssr-prepass
yarn add react react-dom --dev

// or using npm
npm install next preact preact-render-to-string preact-ssr-prepass
npm-install react react-dom --save-dev
```
### Wait, why do we add React here?
Next.js require `React` and `React DOM` to run, so we'll use a little trick.

Create next.config.js at the same level of package.json and add:
```javascript
// next.config.js
module.exports = {
	webpack(config){
		config.resolve.alias = {
			...config.resolve.alias,
			react: 'preact/compat',
			'react-dom': 'preact/compat',
			'react-render-to-string': 'preact-render-to-string',
			'react-ssr-prepass': 'preact-ssr-prepass'
		}

		return config
	}
}
```
By aliasing React and React DOM to Preact/compat in Preact X does provided all the job.
## That's it, You're done!

Now you can perfectly import anything from 'react' and next will just use Preact instead!

Commit message:

:blue_book: docs - add note

README.md, after:

# Nextjs with Preact X!
A starter template for using Next.js with Preact X!

## Note
This repo was come out the time Preact 10 was still alpha and was the first one (if not) using Preact 10 with Nextjs. As the state of that time, this was the only option to use Preact with Next.js.
As the time now, Preact has more and better integration option, I'd recommended:
- [Developit Preact Template](https://github.com/developit/nextjs-preact-demo)
- [withPreact plugin](https://github.com/developit/nextjs-preact-demo)

## This starter is ready to be here:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/aomkirby123/nextjs-preactX
```

## To migrate from existing project
We need to add next.js and preact

```bash
yarn add next preact preact-render-to-string preact-ssr-prepass
yarn add react react-dom --dev

// or using npm
npm install next preact preact-render-to-string preact-ssr-prepass
npm-install react react-dom --save-dev
```
### Wait, why do we add React here?
Next.js require `React` and `React DOM` to run, so we'll use a little trick.

Create next.config.js at the same level of package.json and add:
```javascript
// next.config.js
module.exports = {
	webpack(config){
		config.resolve.alias = {
			...config.resolve.alias,
			react: 'preact/compat',
			'react-dom': 'preact/compat',
			'react-render-to-string': 'preact-render-to-string',
			'react-ssr-prepass': 'preact-ssr-prepass'
		}

		return config
	}
}
```
By aliasing React and React DOM to Preact/compat in Preact X does provided all the job.
## That's it, You're done!

Now you can perfectly import anything from 'react' and next will just use Preact instead!
